The state for user: [object Object] is count: 6 | items: {
  'Sauce Labs Backpack': 1,
  'Sauce Labs Bike Light': 1,
  'Sauce Labs Bolt T-Shirt': 1,
  'Sauce Labs Fleece Jacket': 1,
  'Sauce Labs Onesie': 1,
  'Test.allTheThings() T-Shirt (Red)': 1
}
The state for user: [object Object] | count: 6
{
  "Sauce Labs Backpack": 1,
  "Sauce Labs Bike Light": 1,
  "Sauce Labs Bolt T-Shirt": 1,
  "Sauce Labs Fleece Jacket": 1,
  "Sauce Labs Onesie": 1,
  "Test.allTheThings() T-Shirt (Red)": 1
}
Actual: Sauce Labs Backpack 
Expected: Sauce Labs Backpack
Actual: carry.allTheThings() with the sleek, streamlined Sly Pack that melds uncompromising style with unequaled laptop and tablet protection. 
Expected: carry.allTheThings() with the sleek, streamlined Sly Pack that melds uncompromising style with unequaled laptop and tablet protection.
Actual: Sauce Labs Bike Light 
Expected: Sauce Labs Bike Light
Actual: A red light isn't the desired state in testing but it sure helps when riding your bike at night. Water-resistant with 3 lighting modes, 1 AAA battery included. 
Expected: A red light isn't the desired state in testing but it sure helps when riding your bike at night. Water-resistant with 3 lighting modes, 1 AAA battery included.
Actual: Sauce Labs Bolt T-Shirt 
Expected: Sauce Labs Bolt T-Shirt
Actual: Get your testing superhero on with the Sauce Labs bolt T-shirt. From American Apparel, 100% ringspun combed cotton, heather gray with red bolt. 
Expected: Get your testing superhero on with the Sauce Labs bolt T-shirt. From American Apparel, 100% ringspun combed cotton, heather gray with red bolt.
Actual: Sauce Labs Fleece Jacket 
Expected: Sauce Labs Fleece Jacket
Actual: It's not every day that you come across a midweight quarter-zip fleece jacket capable of handling everything from a relaxing day outdoors to a busy day at the office. 
Expected: It's not every day that you come across a midweight quarter-zip fleece jacket capable of handling everything from a relaxing day outdoors to a busy day at the office.
Actual: Sauce Labs Onesie 
Expected: Sauce Labs Onesie
Actual: Rib snap infant onesie for the junior automation engineer in development. Reinforced 3-snap bottom closure, two-needle hemmed sleeved and bottom won't unravel. 
Expected: Rib snap infant onesie for the junior automation engineer in development. Reinforced 3-snap bottom closure, two-needle hemmed sleeved and bottom won't unravel.
Actual: Test.allTheThings() T-Shirt (Red) 
Expected: Test.allTheThings() T-Shirt (Red)
Actual: This classic Sauce Labs t-shirt is perfect to wear when cozying up to your keyboard to automate a few tests. Super-soft and comfy ringspun combed cotton. 
Expected: This classic Sauce Labs t-shirt is perfect to wear when cozying up to your keyboard to automate a few tests. Super-soft and comfy ringspun combed cotton.
